Your never give known image at start. You need to crearte empty folder for knownimages
Once your video gets loading what ever face it finds as not matched and give id=0 and put in known faces dir so that later on if the same face came it tells the id=0, then if new face come then increase the id by 1 and put in knownface dir and keep doing this
YOUR CAN VISUALIZE THE OUT BUT HERE I JUST UPLOADED CONSOLE OUTPUT ALONE

Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
finding match
Match NOT found
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
finding match
Match found: 2
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
finding match
Match found: 2
finding match
Match NOT found
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
finding match
Match found: 2
finding match
Match found: 3
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
finding match
Match found: 2
finding match
Match found: 3
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
finding match
Match NOT found
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
finding match
Match found: 4
finding match
Match found: 3
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
finding match
Match found: 4
finding match
Match found: 3
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
finding match
Match found: 4
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
finding match
Match found: 4
finding match
Match NOT found
in for
Processign unknown loading
Processign unknown location
encoding over
finding match
Match found: 0
finding match
Match found: 4
finding match
Match found: 5
